Installed Extensions
AppIndicator and KStatusNotifierItem Support by 3v1n0

Adds AppIndicator, KStatusNotifierItem and legacy Tray icons support to the Shell
Applications Menu by fmuellner

Add a category-based menu for applications.
Auto Move Windows by fmuellner

Move applications to specific workspaces when they create windows.
Blur my Shell by aunetx

Adds a blur look to different parts of the GNOME Shell, including the top panel, dash and overview.
Dash to Panel by charlesg99

An icon taskbar for the Gnome Shell. This extension moves the dash into the gnome main panel so that the application launchers and system tray are combined into a single panel, similar to that found in KDE Plasma and Windows 7+. A separate dock is no longer needed for easy access to running and favorited applications.
Launch new instance by fmuellner

Always launch a new instance when clicking in the dash or the application view.
Native Window Placement by fmuellner

Arrange windows in overview in a more compact way.
Places Status Indicator by fmuellner

Add a menu for quickly navigating places in the system.
Removable Drive Menu by fmuellner

A status menu for accessing and unmounting removable devices.
Screenshot Window Sizer by fmuellner

Resize windows for GNOME Software screenshots
Sound Input & Output Device Chooser by kgshank

Shows a list of sound output and input devices (similar to gnome sound settings) in the status menu below the volume slider. Various active ports like HDMI , Speakers etc. of the same device are also displayed for selection. V20+ needs python as dependency. If you want to continue with the old method without Python, use options to switch off New Port identification. But it works with only English
Unite by hardpixel

Unite is a GNOME Shell extension which makes a few layout tweaks to the top panel and removes window decorations to make it look like Ubuntu Unity Shell.
User Themes by fmuellner

Load shell themes from user directory.
Window List by fmuellner

Display a window list at the bottom of the screen.
windowNavigator by fmuellner

Allow keyboard selection of windows and workspaces in overlay mode. <Ctrl>number selects a workspace, and <Alt>number selects a window.
Workspace Indicator by fmuellner

Put an indicator on the panel signaling in which workspace you are, and give you the possibility of switching to another one.

